README.md, before:

dlfcn-win32 [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/celmbkqj0k41fk04/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/dlfcn-win32/dlfcn-win32/branch/master)
===========

dlfcn-win32 is an implementation of dlfcn for Windows.

dlfcn is a set of functions that allows runtime dynamic library loading. It is
standardized in the POSIX. Windows also provide similar routines, but not in a
POSIX-compatible way. This library attempts to implement a wrapper around the
Windows functions to make programs written for POSIX that use dlfcn work in
Windows without any modifications.

It follows the standard as described here:

http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/basedefs/dlfcn.h.html
http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/functions/dlerror.html
http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/functions/dlsym.html
http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/functions/dlclose.html
http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/functions/dlopen.html

Using This Library
------------------

### Using CMake 
Once the library has been installed, add to your project `CMakeLists.txt` : 
~~~
...
find_package(dlfcn-win32 REQUIRED)
...
target_link_libraries(<target> dlfcn-win32::dl)
...
~~~
If you want to use this library in a cross-platform project, a convenient way 
to proceed is to define the CMake variable [`CMAKE_DL_LIBS`](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CMAKE_DL_LIBS.html)
(that is normally empty on Windows) and then use it for linking: 
~~~
...
if (WIN32)
  find_package(dlfcn-win32 REQUIRED)
  set(CMAKE_DL_LIBS dlfcn-win32::dl)
endif ()  
...
target_link_libraries(<target> ${CMAKE_DL_LIBS})
...
~~~

Author
------

Written by Ramiro Polla in 2007.
Maintained by Tiancheng "Timothy" Gu from 2013.

License
-------

dlfcn-win32 is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

dlfcn-win32 is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with dlfcn-win32; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA

Commit message:

Relicense to MIT
The licensing note in the configure script has been reworked, similarly
to how libvpx did it (they were also based on FFmpeg's configure script
and also use a more permissive license).

README.md, after:

dlfcn-win32 [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/celmbkqj0k41fk04/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/dlfcn-win32/dlfcn-win32/branch/master)
===========

dlfcn-win32 is an implementation of dlfcn for Windows.

dlfcn is a set of functions that allows runtime dynamic library loading. It is
standardized in the POSIX. Windows also provide similar routines, but not in a
POSIX-compatible way. This library attempts to implement a wrapper around the
Windows functions to make programs written for POSIX that use dlfcn work in
Windows without any modifications.

It follows the standard as described here:

http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/basedefs/dlfcn.h.html
http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/functions/dlerror.html
http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/functions/dlsym.html
http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/functions/dlclose.html
http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/functions/dlopen.html

Using This Library
------------------

### Using CMake 
Once the library has been installed, add to your project `CMakeLists.txt` : 
~~~
...
find_package(dlfcn-win32 REQUIRED)
...
target_link_libraries(<target> dlfcn-win32::dl)
...
~~~
If you want to use this library in a cross-platform project, a convenient way 
to proceed is to define the CMake variable [`CMAKE_DL_LIBS`](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CMAKE_DL_LIBS.html)
(that is normally empty on Windows) and then use it for linking: 
~~~
...
if (WIN32)
  find_package(dlfcn-win32 REQUIRED)
  set(CMAKE_DL_LIBS dlfcn-win32::dl)
endif ()  
...
target_link_libraries(<target> ${CMAKE_DL_LIBS})
...
~~~

Author
------

Written by Ramiro Polla in 2007.
Maintained by Tiancheng "Timothy" Gu from 2013.

License
-------

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
